BULK VALIDATION description-missing (#1454)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/controls/how-to-opt-out-of-file-dialog-box-automatic-upgrade.md

---
title: "How To: Opt Out of File Dialog Box Automatic Upgrade"

> description: Learn how to opt out of a file dialog box automatic upgrade in Windows Forms in this 1-step procedure.

Reviewer: I think this needs punctuation...

"Learn how to opt out of a file dialog box, automatic upgrade in Windows Forms in this 1-step procedure."

Author: Addressed.

> description: Learn how to opt out of a file dialog box, automatic upgrade in Windows Forms in this 1-step procedure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to revert the default file dialog box appearance to a Windows XP appearance.
```
